Fix broken sending-transaction links in tutorials [Fixes #5069] (#5070)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/how-to-write-and-deploy-an-nft/index.md

Every transaction sent from your virtual wallet requires a signature using your unique private key. To provide our program with this permission, we can safely store our private key (and Alchemy API key) in an environment file.

> To learn more about sending transactions, check out [this tutorial](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/tutorials/sending-txs) on sending transactions using web3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about sending transactions, check out [this tutorial](/developers/tutorials/sending-transactions-using-web3-and-alchemy/) on sending transactions using web3.
```
